but where are we going to find a duck and a hose at this hour?
but where will we find an open tattoo parlor at this time of night?
but if we didn't have ears, we'd look like weasels.
but where are we going to find rubber pants our size?
but balancing a family and a career ... ooh, it's all too much for me.
but isn't Regis Philbin already married?
but burlap chafes me so.
but how are we going to find chaps our size?
but we'll never get a monkey to use dental floss.
but this time, you wear the tutu.
but culottes have a tendency to ride up so.
but if they called them "Sad Meals", kids wouldn't buy them!
but me and Pippi Longstocking -- I mean, what would the children look like?
but this time *you* put the trousers on the chimp.
but I can't memorize a whole opera in Yiddish.
but there's still a bug stuck in here from last time.
but I get all clammy inside the tent.
but I don't think Kay Ballard's in the union.
but, the Rockettes? I mean, it's mostly girls, isn't it?
but pants with horizontal stripes make me look chubby.
but *where* do you stick the feather and call it macaroni?
but pantyhose are so uncomfortable in the summertime.
but it's a miracle that this one grew back.
but first you'd have to take that whole bridge apart, wouldn't you?
but "apply North Pole" to what?
but "Snowball for Windows"?
but *snort* no, no, it's too stupid!
but, umm, why would Sophia Loren do a musical?
but what if the chicken won't wear the nylons?
but isn't that why they invented tube socks?
but what if we stick to the seat covers?
but if you replacbut I think I'd rather eat the Macarana.
but Kevin Costner with an English accent?
but don't you need a swimming pool to play Marco Polo?
but do I really need two tongues?
but we're already naked.
but...we eat the box?
but if Jimmy cracks corn, and no one cares, why does he keep doing it?
but don't camels spit a lot?
but how will we get a pair of Abe Vigoda's pants?
but Pete Rose? I mean, can we trust him?
but why would Peter Bogdanovich?
but isn't a cucumber that small called a gherkin?
but if we get Sam Spade, we'll never have any puppies.
but how can we get seven dwarves to shave their legs?
but calling it pu-pu platter? Huh, what were they thinking?
but how will we get the Spice Girls into the paella?
but if we give peas a chance, won't the lima beans feel left out?
but if we had a snowmobile, wouldn't it melt before summer?
but what kind of rides do they have in Fabioland?
but can the Gummi Worms really live in peace with the Marshmallow Chicks?
but wouldn't anything lose it's flavor on the bedpost overnight?
but three round meals a day wouldn't be as hard to swallow.
but if the plural of mouse is mice, wouldn't the plural of spouse be spice?
but three men in a tub? Ooh, that's unsanitary!
but why does the chicken cross the road, huh, if not for love?  (sigh)  I do not know.
but I prefer Space Jelly.
but if our knees bent the other way, how would we ride a bicycle?
but how will we get three pink flamingos into one pair of Capri pants?
but Tuesday Weld isn't a complete sentence.
but why would anyone want to see Snow White and the Seven Samurai?
but then my name would be Thumby.
but I find scratching just makes it worse.
but shouldn't the bat boy be wearing a cape?
but why would anyone want a depressed tongue?
but why would anyone want to Pierce Brosnan?
but dost thou think Pete Rose by any other name would still smell as sweaty?
but wouldn't his movies be more suitable for children if he was named Jean-Claude van Darn?
but will they let the Cranberry Dutchess stay in the Lincoln Bedroom?
but why does a forklift have to be so big if all it does is lift forks?
but if it was only supposed to be a three hour tour, why did the Howells bring all their money?
but Zero Mostel times anything will still give you Zero Mostel.
but if we have nothing to fear but fear itself, why does Elanore Roosevelt wear that spooky mask?
but what if the hippopotamus won't wear the beach thong?